Add Eigen and Timber files (#206)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/eigen.md

---
name: Eigen
category: Languages and Frameworks

> description: Eigen is a high-performance C++ library for linear algebra, offering a wide range of mathematical functionalities such as vectors, matrices, and various numerical solvers.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Eigen is a high-performance C++ library for linear algebra, offering a wide range of mathematical functionalities such as vectors, matrices and various numerical solvers.
```

download_url: https://gitlab.com/libeigen/eigen/-/releases
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: 3.2.10
    release_date: 04/10/2016

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://eigen.tuxfamily.org/index.php?title=Main_Page
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content:
        partner_content:
        official_docs: https://eigen.tuxfamily.org/dox/GettingStarted.html#title1
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:

optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum:
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: Version 3.2.10 is tested successfully on both Aarch64 and x86_64 platforms. Below this version "binder1st" and "binder2nd" is depricated in C++11 as noted in [this](https://eigen.tuxfamily.org/bz/show_bug.cgi?id=1276).

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: Version 3.2.10 is tested successfully on both AArch64 and x86_64 platforms. In the previous versions "binder1st" and "binder2nd" are throwing warnings as these both are deprecated in C++11 as mentioned in [this bug](https://eigen.tuxfamily.org/bz/show_bug.cgi?id=1276).
```
